Options (#1)
tnh/interviews: vpc-design/README.md

# VPC design scenario

> ## Background

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Scenario
```

Otherwise it seems like we're getting them to do work for free

Catch is looking to recreate its AWS environment and needs a way of provisioning VPCs.

> You will need to submit a method of being able to repeatedly deploy a VPC with the below requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please submit a method of being able to repeatedly deploy a VPC with the below requirements.
```

## Requirements

### VPC requirements

The VPC must...

> * take in /20 ip range

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use a /20 CIDR block
```

* have a default DHCP options set
* be highly available - with 2 AZs

> * have a private and public subnets 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* have at least one private and one public subnet
```

* accept http and https traffic from the open internet into the public subnet only

> * the private subnet should be able to route out to the internet for package and patch updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the private subnet should be able to route out to the internet for software updates
```

* the private subnet must only support RDS MySQL ports and web ports (http and https)

> * provide a clear method of application to be able to find what subnets to use

Reviewer: Can you elaborate on this?

> Additionally if you have time or thoughts, consider how to

Reviewer: Is this time constrained? Perhaps this should be framed as a stretch goal

> * integration with other VPCs 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Integrate with other VPCs 
```

* talk securely and privately to S3

> * talk security and privately to an ECR repo 

Reviewer: It seems like this is probing for the same skillset as the one above, is this one necessary?

### Other requirements 

> Please include, if necessary, the most minimal amount of commentary on how to deploy your solution.

Reviewer: I feel like people will run wild with this - I'd prefer that we were stricter on things like these with firmer requirements, and let them express their creativity in other ways.
